[ADD] MRP: Work center time off (#4263)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/management/work_center_time_off.rst

be performed at the other.

.. image:: work_center_time_off/work-center-equipment-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The equipment tab on a work center form.

For the work center that will be made unavailable, select the second work center on the
:guilabel:`Alternative Workcenters` drop-down. Now, Odoo knows to send work orders to the second
work center when the first is unavailable for any reason.

.. image:: work_center_time_off/alternative-work-center-selection.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A work center form configured with an alternative work center.

Add time off for a work center
------------------------------

With configuration completed, time off can now be assigned to the work center that will be made
unavailable. Begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Work Centers` and selecting
the affected work center. Click :guilabel:`Edit` and then the :guilabel:`External link` button next
to the :guilabel:`Working Hours` drop-down.

.. image:: work_center_time_off/working-hours-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Working Hours "External link" button on the work center form.

> A pop-up will appear, titled :guilabel:`Open: Working Hours`. The standard working hours for the
> work center will be listed here, along with various other details about it. Since developer mode was
> enabled, there should be a :guilabel:`Time Off` button in the top right of the pop-up. Click it to
> be taken to the :guilabel:`Resource Time Off` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pop-up window appears, titled :guilabel:`Open: Working Hours`. The standard working hours for the
work center are listed here, along with various other details about it. Since developer mode is
enabled, there is a :guilabel:`Time Off` button in the top right of the pop-up window. Click it to
be taken to the :guilabel:`Resource Time Off` page.
```

.. image:: work_center_time_off/time-off-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Time Off button on the Working Hours pop-up.

On this page, click :guilabel:`Create` to configure a new time off entry. On the time off form, note
the :guilabel:`Reason` for the work center closure (broken, maintenance, etc.), select the affected
work center as the :guilabel:`Resource`, and choose a :guilabel:`Start Date` and :guilabel:`End
Date` to specify the period during which the work center will be unavailable. Click :guilabel:`Save`
and the time off for the work center will be logged in Odoo.

.. image:: work_center_time_off/time-off-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The "Resource Time Off" form.

Route orders to an alternative work center
------------------------------------------

Once a work center is within its specified time-off period, work orders sent to it can be

> automatically routed to an alternative work center using the :guilabel:`Plan` button. Begin by

Reviewer: Breaking up this paragraph for better scanability.
```suggestion
automatically routed to an alternative work center using the :guilabel:`Plan` button.

Begin by
```

creating a new MO by selecting :menuselection:`Operations --> Manufacturing Orders --> Create`. On
the MO form, specify a :guilabel:`Product` that uses the unavailable work center for one if its
operations. Click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the work order.

On the confirmed work order, select the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab. By default, the unavailable

> work center will be specified in the :guilabel:`Work Center` column. There should also be a green

Reviewer: Instead of saying "there should be" or "this should happen", it's a bit stronger and more straightforward to just say "there is".
```suggestion
work center will be specified in the :guilabel:`Work Center` column. There is also a green
```

:guilabel:`Plan` button on the top left of the page.

.. image:: work_center_time_off/MO-plan-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Plan button on a manufacturing order.

Click :guilabel:`Plan` and the work center listed under the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab will
automatically change to the alternative work center.

.. image:: work_center_time_off/work-center-planning.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The selected work center updates automatically after clicking the Plan button.

> Once the time-off period for the unavailable work center ends, Odoo will recognize that it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the time-off period for the unavailable work center ends, Odoo will recognize that the work center is
```

However, if a work center cannot be used for some reason, work orders begin to pile up at the work
center until it is operational again.

As a result, it is necessary to make the work center unavailable in Odoo so that the platform routes
new work orders to alternative work centers that are operational. Using Odoo :guilabel:`Time Off`,
it is possible to designate a work center as being unavailable for a set period of time. Doing
so ensures that manufacturing operations can continue until the impacted work center is available
again.

Configuration
=============

Before a work center can be designated as unavailable, the Odoo platform must be properly
configured. First, it is necessary to enable developer mode. This allows the :guilabel:`Time Off`
smart button to appear on each work center's :guilabel:`Working Hours` pop-up window.

Enable developer mode by going to :guilabel:`Settings`, scrolling to the bottom of the page, and
clicking :guilabel:`Activate the developer mode` under the **Developer Tools** heading.

.. image:: work_center_time_off/developer-mode-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The "Activate the developer mode" button.

> Next, install the :guilabel:`Time Off` app. This is the app used for assigning time off to all
> resources within Odoo, including employees and work centers. Navigate to :menuselection:`Apps`, then
> type "Time Off" in the :guilabel:`Search...` bar. The card for the :guilabel:`Time Off` module
> should be the only one that appears on the page. Click the green :guilabel:`Install` button on the
> card to install the app.

Reviewer 2: Active instruction hasnt started yet, so italicize _Time Off_, early line break "Type", and user input should be in literal (backticks)
```suggestion
Next, install the *Time Off* app. This is the app used for assigning time off to all resources
within Odoo, including employees and work centers. Navigate to :menuselection:`Apps`, then type
`Time Off` in the :guilabel:`Search...` bar. The card for the :guilabel:`Time Off` module should be
the only one that appears on the page. Click the green :guilabel:`Install` button on the card to
install the app.
```

.. image:: work_center_time_off/time-off-install-card.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Time Off module installation card.

The last step is to properly configure work centers. For this workflow, it is necessary to have at
least two work centers: one that is made unavailable and a second that receives the work orders that
the other cannot accept. If no second work center is configured, Odoo cannot route work orders away
from the unavailable work center and they will pile up in its queue.

To create a work center, navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Work
Centers --> Create`.

> Make sure that both work centers have the same equipment listed under the :guilabel:`Equipment` tab.
> This ensures that operations carried out at one work center can also be performed at the other.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. important::
   Make sure that both work centers have the same equipment listed under the :guilabel:`Equipment`
   tab. This ensures that operations carried out at one work center can also be performed at the
   other.
```

.. image:: work_center_time_off/work-center-equipment-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The equipment tab on a work center form.

For the work center that will be made unavailable, select the second work center on the
:guilabel:`Alternative Workcenters` drop-down menu. Now, Odoo knows to send work orders to the
second work center when the first is unavailable for any reason.

.. image:: work_center_time_off/alternative-work-center-selection.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A work center form configured with an alternative work center.

Add time off for a work center
==============================

With configuration completed, time off can now be assigned to the work center that will be made

> unavailable. Begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Work Centers` and selecting
> the affected work center. Click :guilabel:`Edit`, and then the :guilabel:`External link` button next
> to the :guilabel:`Working Hours` drop-down menu.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be good to reiterate that we're in the Manufacturing app, and the external link could use an icon here or just lowercase the label since the text does no appear on screen
```suggestion
unavailable. Begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Work
Centers` and selecting the affected work center. Click :guilabel:`Edit`, and then the :guilabel:`↗️
(external link)` button next to the :guilabel:`Working Hours` drop-down menu.
```
OR 
```suggestion
unavailable. Begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Work
Centers` and selecting the affected work center. Click :guilabel:`Edit`, and then the
:guilabel:`external link` button next to the :guilabel:`Working Hours` drop-down menu.
```
